Chinese Checkers (Ai-Final Project)
Used language: Java <module type="JAVA_MODULE" version="4">
code explanation:
    Heuristic function:
        Takes the new move that the marble can do and its original place,then calculate the calculate
        the distance between them and return the distance.
    Moves:
        We take a marble (point x, y) and check if the adjacent place is full or empty, if it’s empty
        then the marble will take this place. Else if it’s not then we check the next adjacent to know
        if the marble can hop or not. If it can hop, we get all the available hops that this marble can
        do.
   AlphaBeta:
        Takes the board, the depth(number of levels), the computer and the user marble positions, alpha
        and beta and boolean which decide whether the level is maximizing or minimizing, we get all the
        available moves for the computer and calculate the distance between them and the goal(heuristic)
        to get the best move and then for the user we get the minimum to minimize his chance in winning.
        In addition to, we check whether there is a winner or not and which one, it returns 1 for the player
        winning, 2 for the computer winning.
    Board:
        We Create (CreatBoard.java)that is used for creating the board with using 2D array.
    Point:
        We Create class P to represent each point in(X,Y). to navigate it in the array.
    Players:
        we create this class to create the players and give each player his location in board.

instructions to run code:
    1- Click in run button to run the code.
    2- You can choose which level you want to play (Easy, Medium, Hard)
    3- You will get all the positions of your marbles (X, Y)
    4- You can choose which marble you want to play with (X, Y)
    5- All available moves will be displayed for this specific marble (X, Y)
    6- You can choose one move by entering its (X, Y)

    Note: we use IntelliJ to implement this project.



E-mails:
Phoebe George                        Phoebegeorge137@gmail.com
Habeba Rabie                         habebarabie874@gmail.com
Andrew Naseif                        andrewnasief3@gmail.com
Abdalla Mohamed Shaban               abdallamohamed56666@gmail.com
hassnaa mounir said                  hassnaamoner79@gmail.com
